Rationale for spare CIDs (#185)
tlswg/dtls13-spec: draft-ietf-tls-dtls13.md

Endpoints SHOULD use receiver-provided CIDs in the order they were provided.
Endpoints MUST NOT have more than one NewConnectionId message outstanding.

> If the client and server have negotiated using the "connection_id" extension,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the client and server have negotiated use of the "connection_id" extension,
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the client and server have negotiated the use of CIDs with the "connection_id" extension,
```

either side can request a new CID using the RequestConnectionId message. In

> general, implementations SHOULD use a new CID whenever sending on a new
> path and thus attempt to have enough spare CIDs available to do so.

Reviewer 3: This confuses me. Presumably this is trying to say, "implementations should use a new CID for new paths, and should also request new CIDs if they anticipate path changes," or something. 

```suggestion
general, implementations SHOULD use a new CID whenever sending on a new path,
and SHOULD request new CIDs for this purpose if path changes are anticipated.
```
